Okay, I'm gonna finish this up. This is part two of my kind of content plan, prompt response. So more of my backstory was in graduate school. Got to develop some really exciting projects, I think, one of which that I would eventually like to highlight in the website is the Smithsonian invention kit project, where, over the course of about two or three years, we developed a series of kits that recreated historic American inventions, things like the telegraph, the electric motor, the battery, things that like shaped and, you know, really steered America in this particular path in the 19th century. And so what I did was I worked with my lab partner. We developed the actual, like digital design assets. We prototyped different iterations of it. We made these to be both historically representative but also educationally friendly. These were all like very transparent, sort of projects where you could see how it works very visually. We designed a series of experiments and sort of instructional lessons that could be scaffolded to teach a student kind of principles of electricity and magnetism and also design principles, engineering principles, folding in the digital fabrication and sort of maker mindset. So it was sort of a multi dimensional curriculum kit that brought together instructional resources, and the actual content was interdisciplinary. So it was history, it was science, it was engineering, and so it really brought together a lot of these things. And we did a lot with the invention kit idea. We developed probably over 10 or 12 different kits, ranging, like I said, from the motor to the speaker to the microphone. So we did a bunch of different kits, and then we would pilot them with students. We would bring the students up to the Smithsonian Museum, and they would do exhibits with the Spark Lab, which was really fun to see the kids get to, you know, show off their their stuff to the public at such a like, a high profile, prestigious place like the Smithsonian so that that was probably like the highlight from grad school, and a project that I think is worth trying to document as part of my portfolio. I obviously wrote a dissertation, and you know that that is something as well, but a lot of that was, you know, kind of based on my invention kit work, and probably most proud of that, and had, you know, I'm more interested in showcasing the skills and the, you know, the educational development and the technical development that went into that. I built a website for it, because, sort of like a custom built instructional website that did, like step by step interactive tutorials and, yeah, so that was grad school. Let's see core belief that guides every project you accept. So I don't know if there's a core belief I am interested in many things, which is probably sort of a shortcoming that I have is that I probably, you know, get interested in lots of things, and I also really like pulling back all the layers and really understanding something at a core, foundational layer. So I do like to build things from a very primitive level and avoid until it becomes, a barrier I like to avoid all the abstractions and the libraries, and I like to try to do things at a very base level, and then add in the complexity and the layers and all of that after the fact. So yeah, name a failure that taught you something essential about tech and community. I mean, I think at ASU 20, there were probably many failures, kind of failing to manage kind of client projects appropriately, and just not appreciating how once you kind of pivot into a job shop model, and you are, you know, kind of fee for hire, the, you know, the complications just skyrocket. And I took on several projects that I think I underestimated, both time and complexity and making a mistakes and the ripple effect it would have. Of what comes to mind right now is a project that I was making, these ping pong paddles that were for a particular fundraising event, and I, for some unknown reason, I changed the aspect ratio of the ping pong paddle from what I had sent the client that I was routing I had sent them. I changed the aspect ratio so that more could fit on a single sheet. And when the client received it, they were like, This is not what we agreed on. We need the correct version. And so I had to kind of like, reroute them. And yeah, it was, it was a lot of work on me, and it probably washed away any sort of like, you know, earnings that I would have had on the job. So I think, you know, those, those early failures, really helped me take the jobs that I do take on now more seriously, and I am definitely more careful and selected. And, you know, I I like to set expectations very carefully and stage things appropriately. And also I have learned how to value my time. But anyways, yeah, digital fabrication jobs for hire are very complicated. There's a lot of things that can go wrong, and the time estimates are always way, way, way off. So that is, that is one thing I wanted to say, what non work, hobby or Quirk? Well, you know, yeah, audio stuff, that's all, that's all good. Non work, hobby stuff. I really love to cook and love, love to cook and geek out over cooking and obsessing over the best way to make a recipe. And, yeah, that's that's become, definitely one of my passions. Which community cause illustrates your commitment to impact? Yeah, the connectivity hub with Stonington is an interesting project. I'll have to talk more about that in a different audio memo, but that's a an interesting collaboration with the island Institute. This is more recent in my current role. This is something I've been dealing with more recently. But I do think that both climate change and AI and the economy and just the state of the world is going through a major transition, and the economy is going to look very differently in a few years, and I think the educational landscape is going to radically change. It's going to have to change. And so I'm really excited and interested in like, connecting with a rural community that could easily be left behind, and find ways to build some resiliency into rural education and rural communities. And, you know, it's partly why I'm so interested in developing more approachable, accessible technology resources and guides and classes on how to, you know, teach people these skills. And it's kind of why I have always, kind of really tried to champion digital fabrication, because it brings together so many different domains. It can be very rewarding, and it can lead to very more lucrative, economically upward mobility types of professions and so that has always been my sort of core driving guiding principle with community stuff is that, you know, I try to approach it in a fun, exciting way, but also emphasize that there are so many connections to the real world, and that, you know, the modern profession is going to have to be so dynamic, and many people are going to be reimagining the workforce. And so I think just gone are the days of these giant corporations. And I mean, we have the giant corporations, and they will employ people, but there's going to be so much more that's necessary to survive this. And I'm very excited about that. So, okay, I'll leave it there you. 

