Check, check, okay, what single problem do you solve better than anyone else for creative organizations? So I think my skill set is fairly unique in that I have really deep technical knowledge. I've spent most of my life working with computers, hacking on the internet, and building stuff, whether it's websites, little applications, utilities, but I also have a deep appreciation for the crafts, and I myself have gotten into various forms of making mixed media, music, and I like to hack with electronics, tinker with Arduinos, smart gadgets, IoT devices, Raspberry Pis set up servers. So I just really like figuring stuff out and then simplifying it for people. And I like being this translator between the technical and the simple. And so I think the problem that I solve is that in today's age, there's 100 different platforms and tools that you could use, and there's choice fatigue, and you know, it feels like but really, I can see through some of that, see the critical features, test stuff out, evaluate things, build things, hack stuff, and just help people, you know, come up with simple solutions, problem solve. So if it's for organizations, you know, building websites and internal apps and utilities is something that's really interesting, trying to automate stuff and make things easier for artists themselves. You know, I like to work with artists, and have a lot of experience running digital fabrication equipment and designing stuff with artists and finding, you know, the best fabrication strategy. It's what I've been doing, you know, professionally for a long time, but, you know, in education. So let's move on. How would a recent client describe the moment they knew you had solved their pain point? Well, I think when I work with somebody who is struggling with it, whether it's an artist trying to design something on the computer, or if it's an organization trying to implement a feature, there is that moment that, you know, something clicks, or they see it working, and I can feel the relief. I can hear them, you know, the excitement, or the, you know, just relief in their voice that this, this worked and and, you know, they get that like Spark, that little dopamine rush that, you know, this is gonna happen, this thing that they thought was impossible or they couldn't do it, you know, so that that's, That's that's really what drives me, and that's, that's what I love to see in the people that I work with, all right, which three adjectives capture your working style, systems minded, approachable. So I, I definitely think that systems, mindset and like, kind of foundation principles, or like first principles, really like trying to think about the the upstream and the side effects of making decisions and building a system and architecting it, and really trying to look at stuff at every angle, while not also over analyzing stuff to death. You know, I really do like thinking about high level things that make very little assumptions and then start to design things with that in mind. So kind of this, this, like nice oriented design process, I would say maker centric, in the sense that I a lot of the projects that I like to do are not intended for enterprise and corporate world, you know. So I tend to work and enjoy working with the small nonprofit, the bespoke artist, the family shop. And so I think my sweet spot is, you know, working at a reasonable scale, and so being very approachable, accessible, you know, kind of meeting people where they're at. And. And being able to adapt the solution to meet the needs of the client, you know, I think that's I don't, I don't hold any like, you know, strong sort of, I don't necessarily have, you know, my loyalties with any software companies. You know, there's the tools that I like, but I could just as easily use a different tool if I knew it was going to be the right thing for a client. And I always like to try out new tools, and whether it's the latest laser cutter or the latest 3d printer. And so I, you know, I like being in this space, like testing stuff out and evaluating that. I think I'm a good judge of the quality in tools and in software. What's what's one surprising, what's one surprising credential or story hook worth featuring in the hero? So I don't know this necessarily goes in the hero, but this could go in my story. But, yeah, I think, you know, my sort of academic and professional journey is a little bit non linear and surprising. I think, you know, in high school, I thought I was going to become a musician, and I wanted to go to school for audio engineering, but instead went to more of a conventional electrical and computer systems engineering program. And there I discovered that I like working with things like the Arduinos and kind of like boutique electronics that aren't necessarily like, you know, going to be in, like, commercial applications, but are going to be more creative and expressive from an individual perspective. And so I really, like I thought that was surprising, yet, going through this, like, really challenging undergraduate program, making the decision to become an AmeriCorps VISTA after school, and not just cashing in on my undergraduate and making, you know, a high salary out of school, I decided to do something a little different and work for a community organization and use my technical degree in a community oriented way. And that kind of mindset has stuck with me for my whole professional career. And I love, I hate the idea of, you know, people exploiting this, like esoteric knowledge and, you know, intentionally confusing customers to charge more monies. I like the idea of making things as simple and as accessible, and demystify them so that people can't, you know, be predatory and charge people for charge people a bunch of money for no particular reason. So other surprising things about my journey is that I then went to graduate school after working for as 220 and got my PhD in education. It was by no means a conventional PhD program. My advisor was definitely a black sheep at the university and in the department, and he, while he did start the Instructional Technology Department. He spent the last part of his career focused on digital fabric, digital fabrication, advanced manufacturing in the K 12 school system. And so I worked to develop educational kits. And, yeah, it was just a really delightful, like, sort of way to spend four or five years. Really interesting. It really challenged me and made me learn how to, like, understand how knowledge is constructed, and, you know, sort of these big pillars of of our of our world, and how, you know, the academic engine churns and so, yeah, yeah, but I ultimately got a job offer to work for haystack and be their fab lab coordinator and grow a program and develop it. And so anyways, that that journey, I think, would, might be surprising, and why I want to sprinkle that into my portfolio website somehow. If your career were a movie trailer? What's the one liner a voice would use? I don't know. I'm not really sure. I don't know if I want to answer that question. I really want to emphasize that my website shouldn't be gimmicky or something that I'm not. You know I'm I, as you can tell from this conversation, I like to be a straight shooter. I like to have a sense of humor. I like to be weird and funny, but, you know, I like to make bad jokes, and, yeah, I think I'm figuring myself out. And I like to not take myself too seriously. I like to not take things too seriously. And so obviously. There are situations that calls for that, you know, when dealing with something as serious as maybe, like a cyber attack or but I do think there's always room to sprinkle in some joy and some fun and so, yeah, okay, so moving on to the prop page prompts. So I'm going to respond to the about page. And so I've already talked about my backstory, about who I am, how you know the journey that I went I thought I was going to go to school for audio engineering. And while I guess I can expand more on this in my story as context, I like, I said, I thought I was going to be an audio engineer. I was in a band throughout most of college, and we were gigging around the Boston area, in Rhode Island, and even Western Mass, where I went to school. And I was like, collecting audio gear, and I was like, recording friends and recording my band, and I convinced my undergraduate advisor who hired me to run a student run makerspace. I convinced him to let me start a student run recording studio in the basement of the engineering department. And yeah, had a go at it, and just realized it wasn't for me, and that really recording musicians professionally was not something I was, like, really excited about. So I still always, you know, will hold a real soft spot and in my life for analog audio. And, you know, kind of like that, that high fidelity approach and the old school way. But I also, you know, if I had to start a podcast today, I'd be getting, you know, I'd be using the latest greatest software and doing it in the most streamlined way and just keeping it simple and not trying to over engineer it so. But yeah, I guess I can talk more about my journey through digital fabrication, since my formal education was really around, you know, working with electronics, working with computers. So I got really familiar with like, coding electronics. I think things like the Arduino were my sweet spot, because they kind of combined this, like idea of physical computing sensors. So you're building circuits that can then sense the environment, and then using code on the Arduino to process that. And so I would say my comfort zone for the longest time has been that, but you know, that only gets you so far, working with artists so digital fabrication. And when I got my first job out of school, working for as 220 in Providence, Rhode Island, as the fab lab coordinator and AmeriCorps VISTA, I quickly realized that there was this thing called the Fab Lab network that was just emerging out of MIT Center for Bits and Atoms, started by Neil Gershenfeld. And so Neil and the fab Foundation, as it would be called, started this global educational program to both set up fab labs around the world and then create, like a train the trainer model called Fab Academy, and so at ASU 20. ASU 20 was one of the first kind of US based sites where you could take this program called Fab Academy. You paid, like somewhere around $5,000 sometimes it was less, and you'd go through this kind of six month boot camp and intensive and just it was one week after the next of, you know, a new topic, from like CAD to 3d modeling to scanning to, did you Know, laser cutting, and then 3d printing, and then CNC routing, and then, you know, coding and electronics. And it was just, yeah, this wild curriculum that was born out of an MIT graduate course called How to make almost anything. And so I got introduced this, like, other engineering culture where it's like, people, like, actually making, like, real things that you can touch and feel. And it's not some, like, microwave going in, antenna system being shipped out for the Department of Defense. It's like, you know, like a real sort of product. And it's also like this holistic way of, like, learning how to make stuff in the modern era, where you're using computers, you're designing things, but you're also like prototyping them. You're making the physical parts, you're making the electronic parts, you're coding it. So it's a really holistic way to look at all aspects of making, and I really fell in love with that, that the people involved and the. Projects. And, yeah, it was a really good match for as 220 and the types of artists that were involved. And so, like, we were really successful cultivating a community of makers around digital fabrication. There were obviously a lot of pain points, and it's really hard. Running community programming is really, really hard. But you know, some of the highlights while I was there, while we we did several things, like I said, we ran Fab Academy for about, I think, five for each year that I was there. I did a lot of sort of administration work. So I, you know, recruited teachers and developed a course catalog. I myself taught. I took on commission work. I did consulting on behalf of ASU 20. And so I, I did. I wore many hats, and I don't know what I'm most proud of but you know, it was my first job at a school, and I was going to school with a bunch of introverted, socially awkward people, and this job forced me to learn how to socialize and be an adult in the real world. I definitely had some slip ups, but I think I learned a lot and got to, like, learn how to be weird and, like, just kind of discover alternative engineering and not everything has to be mainstream and Microsoft and Google and all that. So it was a really cool experience. I can speak more about graduate school. Well before that, me and my now wife were dating at the time, when I left my job at ASU 20 I decided to move out of Providence, Rhode Island. We had no plans. We moved into our 2002 Volvo station wagon and lived out of the car for several months, and traveled around the US, visiting friends and family, and made a very important stop in Charlottesville, Virginia, to visit Jen's aunt and uncle, who live on a 80 acre hobby farm. And yeah, I was reading, perusing about local news, and saw that a University of Virginia professor had just landed a really major NSF grant implementing and integrating digital fabrication into the local school system. And I just kind of reached out at a curiosity, saying, hey, oh, I'm in town. Love to come by the lab hear more about what you're working on. And yeah, that person would go on to hire me, and that's what led me to go to grad school. Basically, he hired me and told me that if I wanted a job, I'd have to get my PhD and enroll in the graduate school. So I did that mostly out of necessity to keep my job and pay my way through school. But it was, yeah, we were in Charlottesville for about five years. It was incredible. The area was awesome. We had a lot of fun, you know, as adults in living, you know, kind of in a really nice apartment. I learned a lot about academic research. I learned a lot about the school system, piloting stuff, and so, yeah, I think I developed a lot of interesting skills. I really learned how to write and do critical analysis and thinking and like, like, sort of this, like, higher level philosophical way of thinking that I think I had a few professors that really stuck with me, and so I'm going to pause there and pick this up. I. 

